feat(hardware::sensors::messpc::ethernetbox): New pack (#5253)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-sensors-messpc-ethernetbox-snmp.md

---
id: hardware-sensors-messpc-ethernetbox-snmp
title: MessPC Ehternetbox SNMP
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **MessPC Ehternetbox SNMP** connector through the
**Configuration > Connectors > Monitoring Connectors** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **MessPC Ehternetbox SNMP** brings a host template:

* **HW-Sensors-Messpc-Ethernetbox-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="HW-Sensors-Messpc-Ethernetbox-SNMP-custom" label="HW-Sensors-Messpc-Ethernetbox-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                                  | Service Description                                  |
|:--------------|:--------------------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------|

> | Sensors       | HW-Sensors-Messpc-Ethernetbox-Sensors-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of equipment                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Sensors       | HW-Sensors-Messpc-Ethernetbox-Sensors-SNMP-custom | Check all sensors of the device |
```
